Good afternoon,
I’m from Khmelnitsky Ukraine Where are you from
Mytishchi city Moscow look I’m
wondering how you feel about the fact that the
armed forces of Ukraine fired at a restaurant yesterday in Donetsk
,
sometimes they didn’t hear such news
Well, I heard of course that yesterday Yes,
and who was wounded there, you don’t know
where they were wounded
Well, probably  in eye to eye they say that it’s not
quite in the eye or in the chocolate eye,
probably the doctors tell or he himself
will tell where he was wounded He says that
under the shoulder blade is lower than the shoulder blade, but he didn’t say
how much lower
Why are you laughing It’s really funny
look Russian Nazis who
threw money there who  was against the
blacks there against the migrants of any real
representatives of the Russian authorities, almost
denocified
Well,
your Elite of Azov who was
evacuated into captivity is normal Well,
extraction, yes, now they
are resting in Turkey Why are they in Turkey in Ukraine,
well, because the conditions for such an extract
were yes,
why not  in Ukraine They are the heroes of
Ukraine because look
such an agreement that they first shoot your suckers, then they are taken out and sent to Erdogan so the Russian boat is that your leadership recognized them as heroes and there was a gesture of goodwill, and then some kind of inconsistency turned out yes, this is normal Question question Why did your leadership announce them posthumously if they weren’t even fired on their side and that when there was an interrogation the interrogation of each of the 84 questions What I can’t understand the question What do you want to hear no one admitted that he said such a phrase and why it’s so right That’s exactly what when we already returned when when we people they were returned then they were awarded Why are you an idiot Or that dude look at the one who said the ship Go [ __ ] off already awarded but you look at you something I understand that yesterday you like Rogozin's ass exploded today is shorter than your oak type and continue to warm up so overheated here I understand why this is because you were knocked out of the Kyiv region and Sumy Chernihiv Kharkov Kherson island No  let's just say who revealed Ukraine's team of
Ukraine
Yeah,
or aliens
what kind of combined forces which
units knocked out How many
dead were armed to hell your
dead are [ __ ] up today by the way we
have a holiday yesterday or already yesterday it
happened that they killed 100,000 on a Russian
soldier in Ukraine, that is, already  we have 100
thousand dead
there were dead No, they didn’t say we have
a counter here which we look at every day
that 15 thousand Russians died on the first day
I look every day there is a counter we
have sites that officially
publish information from the General Staff on the
Internet one 10400
what is it called  Ukrainian truth
take dial
Ukrainian truth that you can’t
type with your fingers Why is it cool Why do people need
fingers Why
or on YouTube So you have
a smart phone Tell him say press
Well Ukrainian truth is
not a telegram channel site
so I say dial with your fingers
well let’s go to the site
Ukrainian truth their website  in short put
this body aside  the background
on the T-shirt says Russian special forces special forces are slowing down for
something
Well, take it to the site, go to No, well, you
see, I typed it for you to issue Yandex
You go to the site of Ukrainian Pravda
right away,
but if you don’t know how
to poke a finger, then you had to poke the
truth
I was joking  it’s real to type in a voice the
Well, you are the devil Yes, just
write with your fingers faster
Campaign you the devil I’m such a devil
as just a provocateur of the devil
I’m such a devil that I’ll be in hell shorter in
your cauldron throws so many firewood
So you will have what  Rogozin there to
bake the
phone return the phone
you dialed You said the truth to me
she found you
No of course
maybe your voice is a little different
take it Let's try again oh well
don't drive me Look tell me Don't let the
city wait we won't finish with Google you
said  Come on Where to look Look,
you see it is written there, they are so
invisible. True community,
this is the headline of the news,
we believe that this is a special operation,
because if uh  that was a war We already
[ __ ] bombed you all there
Well, in Vladik there would be yes why why is
Putin afraid
Why do you know why Putin is afraid
to declare war on us why he attacked without
declaring before he is afraid because he is afraid
yes look at us Joe Biden said so
Where is Putin
And if if  we are pounding on Belgorod,
we are afraid of Putin
Well, let's
not separate this most without separating the Americans, say
we are
NATO, we are on Belgorod, then look NATO is
bombing Belgorod with NATO weapons and
Putin crap himself and is silent on the
territory of Russia they are shelling with
NATO weapons,
look, I will try to explain to you why
this is a special operation  and not war, why is
Putin silent because
I don’t argue this is a special operation
this is a special operation If it were wars,
[ __ ] you faces of the earth
why Putin
should someone work look why
Putin here we are we NATO people are killing people in
Belgorod why Putin is silent
we  let's use emigrants, let's
get it
on the territory of the Russian
Federation  iya
territory of
Ukraine, the so-called Ukraine, then you need to
go there Why, if you can just leave the
slaves and that’s all, therefore, this is a special
operation only in order not to
destroy the population of Ukraine so that
it stays alive agreed
you said so I understand this is a
special operation,
did you understand or not, and I say what it is
special operation is you starting to breathe this is a
special operation if there was a war We [ __ ]
bombed you the Kremlin But tell us we are
bombing Belgorod we are NATO
bombing Belgorod with NATO weapons why Putin
will not protect the
Belgorod region arrives
Belgorod region is possible
said there
wounded children wounded adults dead
there are adults Well, you are a little confusing it,
look I am now Belgorod a
little confused
here is the news on your resources one
person died shelling the Belgorod
region 4 days ago four days ago
ours killed someone Belgorod and that Putin
did one
can kill Yes Four d
nya back one then you can still kill Putin is afraid to say something there that we will be afraid, but Putin is afraid to say He will shell me Belgorod region don’t kill our people what to say Well he’s afraid he didn’t say anything to Zelensky though no one will communicate, that is, we can we can go on let's bomb Belgorod let's laugh at the question then I watched they laughed and clapped a funny performance because he is an actor Yes, so they just look at first they laughed at others performances funny and laughed no one there takes him seriously that they usually do it right and invite some kind of show because they love the show, you know, the Americans do it with us, he did a cool show in Belgorod called and the Americans Such a damn dude you are handsome You are shorter than [ __ ] like Belgorod Putin crap can’t tell you anything at all like there someone said that we promised that we would take Kyiv in three days i don't know i you answer me watch you run away from the answer why are we shelling  we are
shelling yours with NATO weapons
why Putin So why Putin does not
defend the territory of Russia gives up
shelling with NATO weapons and does not
attack NATO
Zaporozhye region
Let's go further and protect the Belgorod region
Well, you're funny What are you listening to I
say Belgorod region is protecting
you than listening like a NATO weapon
kills people in the Belgorod region as
Putin allows it
Putin conducts a special operation yes
As a result of which people die in
Belgorod
[music] a
special operation is carried out on the territory of
Ukraine And people die in the Belgorod
region
That is, it turns out you can’t somehow,
but maybe then you shouldn’t have  that's why you
fled from the Kharkov region that we
can now shoot Belgorodskaya
you can explain
well Can you tell me where you will
shell the Belgorod region of the
Kharkov region
from different populations I can’t say
because it’s a secret
and you can’t say
which areas we shelled
say why  Putin cannot protect the
inhabitants of the Belgorod region so that they
do not die,
but you rested on the fact that Putin can
not not you said that Putin is not afraid of anyone,
I say he is afraid
Well, you know that Putin
visited the front line just the other day
and where is this one  Peskov told
me Where is where
And where is this What settlement
Zelensky visited bakhmut about it There is
news about it there are photos it
turns out when Zelensky has pictures
it’s [ __ ] And when Putin does
n’t have pictures at all then it’s really
not even in the park but in Lvov Yeah  in
Lvov I understood And well, but this is a beast, and
then I understood Putin's pictures of Zelensky
staged And with Putin Where are the pictures of
Zelensky surrounded by who
leak information for good money,
you enlightened me I think how he
was afraid to come to me to bang, and he
really took a picture in Lvov  And where
did Putin take a picture where you can look at Putin’s pictures
and the fall was photographed
at Zelensky’s staged pictures and Putin
didn’t take a picture Yes No But how And how And how
can  to believe that Putin was
really there Where he says
Well, Putin
had a video where he visited the
hospitals of military personnel So it was he who
could visit in Lviv,
presented awards to military personnel and only
by doctors who are on the front line of the
Donetsk region determined that Putin
visited
so Or maybe it's doctors
You see, they brought it to Moscow And you took a picture, maybe
you know for sure that there are pictures of Zelensky, there is
no Putin
Where in what city in what city was
Putin In what city Putin
In what city was he at the forefront
Well, I won’t say this, I don’t know,
I didn’t see him And who do you  said that he
was on the front line
you said that the doctors have already identified where
it is how do you know you know some
city
yesterday's news
afraid to
say something to the baidan come on let's
[ __ ]
set it on fire
oh handsome
Damn I can't Yes, you understand In short
Zelensky’s topic here are the pictures, this is all decreed,
and Putin has a photo for him. He really was, that
is, shorter, because after all, Zelensky has no
pictures of all Putin’s pictures, which means you can’t
say that they’re not fake, they simply don’t exist